Feedback for Section: Security Options in warehouses

For RLS, can you show me an example of setting a security policy and filter predicate?

How does Dynamic Data Masking relate to RLS?

What are the other DDM I need to be aware of?

Feedback for Section: Spark pools and environments

I remember a question of having to decide if I should turn off a starter pool. Can you elaborate on this scenario?

I also missed the question on using session tags to reuse spark sessions. 

1.2 Quick Quiz Answers

1. delate a tenatn level setting to each domain and assign workspace to domain and specify domain admins. 

2. not sure. Elaborate on this section. 

3. Grant item level access instead of assigning a role. 

4. You would use the partial() maksing function and grant unmask permission to roles and users who must see real values. 

5. Create and assign a role. Grant SELECT for role, Deny SELECT for other roles. 

6. Configure deployment rules to manage connections, (environemnt specific settings)

7. Use selective deployment. 

8. use autoscaling and dynamic allocation of executors and session tags to reuse Spark Sessions. 

2.2 Quick Quiz Answers
1. Use the COPY statement for loading from ADLS in the Fabric Warehouse. 

2. Use the Dataflows Gen2 since it mentions full and incremental loads into a datawarehouse. 

3. Switch to incremental load and use CDC if available. 

4. You can use Optimize to consolidate files, use V-Order for faster querying. 

5. Use an eventstream and event processor and KQL database which support real-time streaming. 

6. To avoid hardcoding vbalues for a pipeline that loads multiple datasets, you can use parameters and dynamic expressions and string interpolation. 

7. You shoudl use a schedule trigger. 

8. You should use a Lakehouse data store

3.2 Quick Quiz Answers

1. Monitor Hub
2. Check the gateway version
3. You should add a Fail Activity with custom error message/code
4. Autoscalling and dynamic allocations. 
5. Enable Always-on and choose minimum consumption for lower cost. 
6. Use Data Insights and Runtime Logs, filter by severity to identify bottle necks
7. Enable native execution engine
8. Use session tags to to reuse sessions and reduce startup cost. 




                                                                     




                                     